Description: Testing SSH conectivity using Password and Key-based authentication.
For this test we need to have a server accessible that has been set up to work with password and ssh key authentication.
We also need access to a terminal or a program that can create processess or threads to run commandline commands such as bash or python.
For this test to be exhaustive there are a few things that would need to be tested
in order to be thorough. We need to test an SSH loging using a valid password and an invalid password,
and make sure that we get the appropriate responses for each instance. 
We can do this by having a list of valid and invalid passwords and see if they all connect using a thread so we can also test whether we can have multiple
instances connecting at once, and if that load also affect the validity of a valid or invalid connection. We must also test using valid SSH keys and 
an invalid SSH key and also make sure that we get the correct results as well. 
It would be ideal for us to also test that we can be connected through ssh through both methods both with valid and invalid
inputs.  In order to run these tests we need to make sure we have an SSH server that allows for both password and key-based authentication.
Deploy the SSH keys we can use OpenSSH for example to run the SSH client and to host the server. We can also test the connection using SSH -T.
When we are done running the test we can remove the test ssh keys.
This test passes if we can successfully connect with a correct password and a correct SSH key, if we can have multiple SSH instances at once.
This test fails if we can not login using valid credentials and if invalid credentials allow us to login. 

Breakdown: 
Scenario 1: Valid/ Invalid passwords
    Verify SSH connectivity to a server using valid and invalid passwords to make sure they are handled appropriately.

Setup
    Create a test user on the server, and make sure the server allows for password based authentication, create a text file that has valid and invalid passwords.
    Write a script that takes the passwords from the text file and tries to login through SSH using threading in order to test for multiple login attempts at once.

Teardown
    Delete the test user from the server, delete the passwords text file and delete any files that were generated through the multiple login attempts.

Tools
    OpenSSH to be used as the client and the server, python for the script that will perform the test, the passwords text file that will have the necesarry passwords to test.

Pass/Fail Criteria
    Pass
        Able to login using the correct passwords even if on different threads, and failing to login using the ivalid passwords
    Fail   
        Unable to login using the correct passwords and being able to login using invalid passwords


Scenario 2: Valid/ Invalid SSH keys
        Verify SSH connectivity to a server using valid and invalid SSH keys to make sure they are handled appropriately.

Setup   
    Create a test user on the server and generate a valid SSH Key pair, then deploy the public key. Create a text file that has the valid ssh key and invalid keys to test them.
    Write a script that takes the keys from the text file and tries to login using SSH and threading in order to test for multiple login attempts at once.

Teardown    
    Delete the user from the server, delete the keys file and delete any files that were generated through the multiple login attempts.

Tools   
     OpenSSH to be used as the client and the server, python for the script that will perform the test, the keys text file that will have the necesarry SSH keys to test, ssh-keygen 
     to generate the SSH Key.

Pass/ Fail Criteria
    Pass
        Able to login using the correct SSH Key even if on different threads, and failing to login using the ivalid SSH Keys
    Fail   
        Unable to login using the correct SSH Keys and being able to login using invalid SSH Keys

Scenario 3: Connecting using both authentication methods

Setup
    Create a test server using OpenSSH and create a test user on the server. Setup the sever to allow for logging in using password and SSH key based authentication.
    Create a text file that has valid and invalid passwords, and another that has valid and invalid SSH Keys, then write a script that will attempt to login
    using both authentication methods using threads.

Teardown
    Delete the user from the server, delete the keys file, the passwords file and delete any files that were generated through the multiple login attempts.

Tools
    OpenSSH to be used as the client and the server, python for the script that will perform the test, the passwords text file that will have the necesarry passwords to test.
    The keys file with the necessary SSH keys and ssh-keygen for generating the SSH Keys

Pass/ Fail Criteria:
    Pass
        Able to loging using password and SSH key based authentication provided the inputs are valid, and failing to login using invalid passwords and SSH keys.
    Fail
        Able to loging using invalid password and SSH key based authentication, and failing to login using valid passwords and SSH keys.

